> Question

Answer

> Hi everyone,
> I was wondering: *once we complete the Nanodegree and get our certificate, will we still have access to the course material? For some time? Indefinitely? 

Because the program is a scholarship, you have a hard stop on what you can access. The end date is August 15th.

> Hi mentors! Awesome to be a part of another AMA. Here's my question: What is the role of our personal mentors (i.e. how much are we allowed to bother them)? Should we still rely on peer help more and discuss only projects with them?  In any case, it's amazing to have guidance!

Yes, you will be assigned an in-classroom mentor for the program. You will see you mentor pop up in a chat box once you log-into your classroom. Please utilize your mentor to check-in and set goals. They are an amazing resource! You can message them when you need their guidance, but just keep in mind their responses may not be immediate since they also aid other students :slightly_smiling_face:

> Will we get a forum for phase two? Feels bad to post in the old one because of all that didn't make it to the second phase. I miss the forum already! Would be nice with a forum with all tracks but with sub-forums within it.

It depends on your program. MWS is the only program that does not have forum access Hope that helps!

> What if i fail to submit the project before the due day? Do i lose the chance to graduate from the Nanodegree??

You won't lose access to the ND. These due dates are *highly recommended* guidelines set by our course designers. Historically speaking, students who miss the first deadlines are very likely to not graduate from the ND since the work piles up and can become just too much. We also suggest that you submit the course projects two weeks before the deadline since you'll still need to time to edit your projects and submissions with the feedback you receive so that your project can be approved by the due date.

> I am in the Android Developer Nanodegree and I can see 2 of the projects (the 2 Pop Movies apps) as already finished because I already did them in a previous scholarship for the Android Developer Fast Track.
> **Is this correct or should I resubmit the projects? At the moment there is no possibility for resubmitting these 2 projects in my account.** 

The projects will carry over and have already been submitted.

> Many application have discount for students we can use that discount to?

The coupon is something we generated for the students who were not selected to be in the Scholarship ND. We really wished we could have taken everyone in, but sadly, this was not the case.

> When the course finishes do we get our certificate shipped? and if so do we have to pay for the shipping?

It's a digital certificate :slightly_smiling_face:

> 1. Will there be AMA sessions for each track? (I mean separately for each one)
> 2. Can we copy and paste the project from Phase 1 or should we start them from 0? 

1. Will there be AMA sessions for each track? (I mean separately for each one)
2. Can we copy and paste the project from Phase 1 or should we start them from 0? 

> Why *MWS is the only program that does not have forum access* ?

That's how the MWS program was designed. We were able to include one for the challenge phase because that was a specially set program, but now that we're in the full ND, you're being integrated into Udacity's courses and they way things are normally done. That said, we encourage you to make use of the Slack communities and our AMA sessions. Once we're past this first week of general AMAs, we'll also start to hold track specific AMAs so that we can support you all in the best ways possible.

> Can we get a list of all the project deadline dates in advance?  This will allow us all to plan our study around any periods of holiday/unavailability.  At the minute I can only see them for the first section of FEND. Thanks.

Great question! We will update the Google Site with deadlines so you can visualize them more easily. The site will be up and running in the next few days so stay tuned!

In the meantime, in the course the projects say in how many days the coursework is due.

> Do we all have a chat in the classroom? Students from other programs said they have, but I don't. Mine is Android Basics

As of right now, the chat function built into the classrooms have been rolled out to FEND and MWS. This may be rolled into more NDs in the future, but at this time there's nothing to confirm or even speculate on since it's fairly new and still being tested in specific NDs.

> Weren't we supposed to be 6000? We're missing 2500 scholars. Were are they? It's hard to believe that people who spent 3 months in this challenge did not checked their emails. Were the scholarships' quotas modified?

6,000 people have been accepted. Just not everyone has seen the welcome e-mail yet and/or had time to set up their Slack accounts :slightly_smiling_face:

>  Is there a way to go from the Android basics to the Android advanced after completion (or any other track for that matter)? If so, How? Does it get extended to the full ND after succesful completion? 

The scholarship is just available for the track that you are already in. If you would like to do another program, you can enter as a paying student.

> Guys, can you please address people's complaints? I'm in, but feel bad now...

Are you referring to the students who were not selected to Phase 2? We're aware of what folks are saying (I'm managing the FB group as well) and we're going to do our best to reach out and respond to as many of these students as we can. Right now our focus is on making sure the 6,000 of you are settled in, and then we will definitely take the time to communicate with the other students from phase 1. I really wish we could have accepted everyone because there are definitely lots more deserving students who didn't make it in because we had already reached out limit :disappointed:

> Hi Paul & Joanna, will there be any more Shia LaBeouf motivational videos in Phase 2 ?!!

#spoilers

> Hello it says in the hand book the suggested times are to finish in *8 months* however on the advanced android course we only have *6 months*, so are the suggested times for 8 months or have you changed them for us to help us finish in 6 months thanks!!

Good question. I don't want to give you an assumption so I'm going to inquire more about this and get back to you once I have a definite answer :slightly_smiling_face:

> Hi! I know phase 1 forums will become read-only in March, but the info on phase 1 Slack workspaces is confusing. We were told they would remain open after 1 month, yet Udacity's email and website tell us they'll be closed after a month. It's just to know if we still have that space available to us to regroup as a community (selected and non-selected students). 

Hey there, so I think it's the wording that's confusing. The Slack group will be closed down on March 6th.

> should i check in every day with mentor or it's flexible times to access my class room ?

It's entirely up to the mentor and how often they think they'll need to check in with you.

> Do people from Mobile Web ND have access to reviews of CV and LinkedIn profile? Where?

You have access to the Career portal in your program. It can be found in the  'Extra Curricular' tab in your classroom

> is the Google developer challenge a yearly/annual thing?

Udacity has done it the past two years, and while we have nothing concrete planned for next year, the hope is that it will continue. The best thing to do is to keep your eyes peeled on the Scholarship site which you can find on Udacity's main page.

> Historically what is reasons made some students not not graduate from the ND is it the same criteria in the first phase or what?
and what advises for us to get 100% competently understanding and stronger front end developers?

Really, it mostly comes down to time management. The first projects are the most important because we have a lot of statistics that show the students who are able to get the first two projects in on time are very likely to successfully finish the ND. :slightly_smiling_face:

> Will be here too a reverse AMA? 

Hey! We will do  reverse AMA later on in the program to gather your feedback! Glad you liked the format.

> Hi :slightly_smiling_face: We have a full Nanodegree for 6 months, but is it possible to finish it earlier? Or is it a schedule we have to follow strictly?

You can certainly finish earlier if you're up to the challenge :smile:

> Is this a standard Udacity feature to mark previously completed  lessons that overlap across different courses?

Yep. Just so that you don't end up re-doing lessons needlessly. If you've already completed some work, then it's carried over. :slightly_smiling_face:

> Do we all have a chat in the classroom? Students from other programs said they have, but I don't. Mine is Android Basics 

ABND has the chat function available for the first two projects. Hope that helps

> ABND has the chat function available for the first two projects. Hope that helps

These are normally organized via students and we hope to see all the pictures from your meetups moving forward :smile:   There has been discussion ongoing for us to get more involved, officially, but we have nothing to confirm or announce at this time.

> has the issue on the portuguese language being solved? I Know I asked, but I didn't get a response... :slightly_smiling_face:

Thanks for bringing this up. We're going to take a look into this to see exactly what might be causing this to happen.
