# Thursday, Feb 15 – 4PM-5PM CET

> Hi! Do we need to resubmit the projects we have already completed to our mentors? The first deadline is said to be on the 1st March but I don't see the what I need to do now - unless sending to my mentor the already completed apps (android development course) thanks!

Good question. You need to submit your projects for review in your classroom, the deadlines are there to help you pace your own learning experience. It is important to remember that deadlines are met when a project is submitted, reviewed and deemed as *passed*.

---

> Hello, is there somewhere where you list all the deadline dates on the abnd course within the 6 months so we can arrange our own timeline?

Not yet but soon – all the deadlines (for all tracks) will be listed early next week in the Updates section of our google site https://sites.google.com/knowlabs.com/gdnd2017/updates. So please check it regularly, we will be posting there news and updates almost every day!

---

> Hi, you advise us to post projects 2 weeks before the deadline, but, in the Android developer track, the first project is due in only one week! Is that okay?

Yes, just try and submit it as soon as possible, to give the reviewers enough time to check it.

---

> If a my submission is not passed, what's happen? Can I correct it and submit again?`

Hi Federico! In case your submission is not passed, you can try to improve it and submit it again. In general there are no limits, and you can try as many time as you want, however, we recommend you always to be mindful when you do that – reviewers need between 1-2 weeks to review your work, so every time you submit it, please make sure this is the best version that you have. It’s always recommended to reach out to community and mentors for feedback before you decided to submit your work. Good luck!

---

> Do we obtain the nano-degree after completing the course in full or do we get rewarded at the end of the 6 months? E.g. if I finished in 3 months, would I obtain the nano degree then or would I have to wait another 3 months?

@Cae you will obtain the Nanodegree if you passed all your projects within 6 months period. If you managed to do it before the final deadline on August 15 – good for you! :slightly_smiling_face: but the final graduation will happen after that date.

---

> Regarding the deadlines and projects being reviewed and deemed as passed…_ in case we fail to submit a project 2 weeks before the deadline and, let's say, the project gets submitted 2 days before the actual deadline, what will happen? Will the project never be deemed as passed? :slightly_smiling_face:

If you submit your project 2 days before the deadline, then it probably won’t be reviewed in time. During the course failing to meet deadline is inadvisable, but possible, whereas failing to meet the final deadline means that you won’t get the Nanodegree certificate.

Historically though, we know that failing to keep up with the deadlines during the course usually leads to not finishing it. This course – and this profession – is all about strict time management and meeting deadlines on time.

OR

@danielagrao Hi Daniela! as long as the submitted project is correct, it will be deemed as passed. The deadlines are there to help you pace your learning experience, but the only hard stop is the final deadline on August 15. If you don’t manage to meet any of the deadlines in the meantime, you can still continue, it just might be harder for you to meet the latter ones as you go. Hope that answers your question!

---

> There is some confusion about mentors in the Android NDs. The FAQ says they will be around for the first two projects but some students have gotten the answer from their mentor that they will be around through out. Also, are the first two projects the first two we did in the challenge part?

@Tomas this is correct: in ABND and in AND the classroom Mentors are only available for the first 2 projects (and yes, if they are identical, they are identical, or you can still improve them a bit). After the second project, you’ll have in-forum mentors, like it was in Phase 1.

---

> Yay :slightly_smiling_face: can you explain your 3.? The nanodegree specific is #anbd, #and, #fend and #mws, right? Are there people there not in the scholarship?

@Ana Cardoso yes, these are slack groups for ALL the Nanodegree students, both Scholars and paying students alike.

---

> My mentor hasn't replied to me yet :sad_pepe: why is this?

As much as the Classroom mentors love you,@markwf , you are not their only child. :wink:

They need time to reply to all the other students that they support, plus they are usually in a different timezone. So usually please give them a few hours or even a day to reply. They will give you their undivided attention as soon as they can, I promise.

---

> Hi guys, Is there another workspace for front end nano degree only? And what we should join here or there or both?

Hi @Haitham Shaaban in general you have two slack workspaces available: this Slack team for all scholarship students, and additionally a Nanodegree Slack team for your specific track. Here’s the link: https://fend-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/ (can be found in Marat’s announcement in #fend)

---

> In the first phase, we were selected based on our activity and course completion. What are the criteria to get the certificate? Submit and pass all the projects? Continue being active on forum and slack? I know being active is recommended in order to learn and improve our projects, but I'm strictly talking about it as a necessity to pass, like in the 1st phase.

@Dragon In order to receive the Nanodegree you need to submit and pass all your projects before August 18. Slack and Forum activity will definitely help you along the way, but we won’t be tracking it anymore as we did in Phase 1.

---

> Is it okay if I submit the project earlier  than 2 weeks before the deadline ?

@Amal yes, it is even recommended, as it takes time for reviewers to check it. and in case there is something you will still need to correct, you will have more time for that. :thumbsup:

---

> As FEND students we have 3projects 'completed'...correct me if I'm wrong but now we must submit them to be checked by mentors for passing (?)

@lesuaw Witam Leszku! Yes, the first 3 projects in FEND are the projects you were already working on in Phase 1. You can submit them now for the review. It might be good though to submit one at time, since the learnings you get from the reviewer’s feedback after submitted project 1, might help you improve the remaining 2 projects before you actually submit them. Which might increase the chances of having them deemed as passed even after first submission!

---

> Will Google Scholarship degrees' participants have to pay the $99USD for the final exam?
> https://developers.google.com/training/certification/mobile-web-specialist/

@AndreyK This scholarship is only for the Udacity Nanodegree Program. The Google Developer Certificate is an external examination and is not included in this scholarship.
